{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1504\cocoasubrtf820
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\paperw11900\paperh16840\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 if we look around our world, the need sustainability is critical to our ecosystem. this means that every industry needs to change to address this need for a healthy planet, no less than music, in which musicians provide us this sonic medicine that has a huge emotion power over all of us. get this right and we can see real change.\
\
the existing landscape is extractive as those industries logging the amazon - neither soundcloud nor spotify are turning a profit and major record labels are becoming less and less successful - less than 1 in 10 artists financially succeeding.\
\
the popularity of the current streaming platforms shows there is a need for music distribution, but with their as-yet unproven business model - are these the sustainable systems that artists can afford to base their entire careers on? it seems not.\
\
we have set up soundlabs.org to address this very issue. \
\
having looked at the entire musical ecosystem we have zero\'92d in on the critical area. the connection between artist and listener. without getting this right the rest of the ecosystem would collapse. it is the bee-flower type connection without which there would be NOTHING.\
\
this connection needs to:\
\
- provide minimal friction between artist and listener to send their music and ideas\
- provide minimal friction between listener and artist, to send messages of support, feedback, or other tokens of gratitude like donations\
\
a connection which provides minimal friction will:\
\
1. make it very easy for an artist to upload an idea or track instantly, and have it available everywhere for people to listen to\
\
2. make it very easy for listeners to show their appreciation for the work through:\
	- payment\
	- messages\
\
for this reason, taking any cut of the money that is donated by users adds friction to the process, ultimately generating an extractive situation - there is no third party when it comes to the bee and the flower. so we need a system that allows for next-to-zero transaction fees but still can operate.\
\
enter ethereum.\
\
what we suggest instead is charging artists small fees to use the platform (beyond entry level users) the reason we will be able to afford to do this is because hosting will be distributed over the network, so no need for a central system. soundlabs.org will be a registered not for profit and will maintain the network and associated products, but will in itself not be a profit focussed endeavour. any excess fees will be reinvested into the network to further the cause of brilliant art.\
\
users will be recommended a monthly donation amount to pay to the artists they listen to, but it is not compulsory. if they want to listen for free, they are able to - in the same way that animals can get a plant\'92s nectar but not pollinate - but those that do will be championed and will know they are working us towards a better world. if they want to support the new up and coming artists, they are, likewise, able to. these donations will be made in the edencoin currency. artists can also choose to sell gig tickets and merchandise over this same platform.\
\
brave browser by brandon eich is a similar experiment in this area that has received multi million pound backing - it is also the future.\
\
so why would artists support this platform? because it will be the quickest and easiest way of them getting their music directly to the people who care most about them. and their profile pages will exist forever (unless they themselves delete them). all the fan\'92s money will go DIRECT to them. the more they use the ecosystem, the better it will get, allowing for artists to be truly independent and have their fans at their fingertips without them having to navigate extractive ad-based models, or uncompetitive centralise playlists that occur on spotify which benefit those institution-backed artists. the power will truly be in their hands, and once this foundation between artist and user is NAILED, the possibilities to branch out into rights administration, funding (ICO\'92s for individual artists would be EPIC!) and more.\
\
time to level the playing field - and join us while we enter a new era of sustainable artistic expression.\
\
come with us. enter eden.\
\
soundlabs.org\
\
}